Basically the exact same movie as House of Wax ------- Prices first genuine
horror hit released the previous year but seriously who ----- because The
--- Magician offers just as many sheer thrills delightful period setpieces
joyous 3D effects sublime acting -------ances and macabre horror gimmicks
as its predecessor! Never change a winning team is exactly what writer Crane
Wilbur must have thought when he penned down Prices character Don Gallico
another --rmented soul besieged by fate and out for vengeance against those
who wronged him. Don Gallico is about -- ------- his very first own
illusionist show as Gallico the Great and plans -- exhibit the -------- magic
trick in ------- entitled The Girl and the ---- Saw. Gallicos promising
solo career is abruptly ruined before it even begins when his previous
employer Ross Ormond appears on stage and shoves a contract under his nose
stating that all of Gallicos inventions are the rightful property of the
company. The sleazy and relentless Ormond who by the way also ransacked
Gallicos once beloved wife takes off with the buzz saw trick and programs
it in the show of Gallicos ----- The Great Rinaldi.
Inevitably Gallico snaps and sadistically butchers Ormond but also
being a master of creating disguises recreates his victims image and
even starts leading a double life. The --- Magician is an amusing and
thoroughly unpretentious 50s horror movie in Grand Guignol style with a
whole lot of improbably plot twists  the landlady turns out a brilliant
crime novelist?  and a handful of fantastically --------- grossout moments
although they -------ly remain suggestive for ---- part . The 3D delights
near the beginning of the film like a yoyo player and a goofy trick with
water fountains merely just serve as ----filler and contemporary 50s hype
but its still fun -- watch even now and without the means -- properly behold
them. The --- Magician is also interesting from a periodical setting point
of view as the events take place around the ---- fingerprints were starting
-- get used as -------- material and the character of Alice Prentiss is an
------- reference --wards famous crime authors of that era. Needless -- state
that ------- Price remains the absolute ---- essential element of triumph
in this film as well as from nearly every other horror movie this legendary
man ever starred in. Like no other ac--r could ever accomplish Price
depicts the --rmented protagonist who gradually descends further and further
in-- mental madness in such an indescribably mesmerizing way. You ---- Don
Gallico --- at the same ---- you fear him enormously. You support his vile
acts of retaliation and --- simultaneously you realize his murderous rampage
must end in death. ------- Price simply was a genius ac--r and in my
humble opinion the embodiment of the horror genre.
